[docs] Add dev client to top level docs (#13338)
expo/expo: docs/pages/feature-preview/index.md

---
title: Feature Preview
---

The feature preview of the documentation is oriented towards new things which were added to the Expo ecosystem.

Features available as a preview:

- Expo Application Services. [Learn more](/eas)

> - Development Client. [Learn more](/clients/introduction)

Author: Previously, when a user selects `Feature Preview`, we link into `eas/index`.  I've changed that because this section isn't only about the EAS anymore. However, I didn't know what to put in this file. Do you have some ideas?

Reviewer: Good thought!
I think we could:
- do some expectation setting around what Feature Preview means (generalizing the language in https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N4cxrsaHYCOPntycMDQ6HtEEJlKeQURTxw_xRDH1sHw/edit?usp=sharing)
- Break out build and submit (I expect EAS won't all leave preview at the same time)
- and add a one or two line description on what each feature is

As an aside, I'm wondering if config plugins belong here too?

Reviewer 2: > Break out build and submit
> ...
> and add a one or two line description on what each feature is

yeah we could inline the same bullets from https://docs.expo.io/eas/ here and put a similar type of description for development client.

> do some expectation setting around what Feature Preview means

want to give that a shot?

Author: I made some adjustments 😉

---
title: Feature Preview
---

### What does Feature Preview mean?

> We decided to publish some of our new features as a preview to get feedback from you. It doesn't mean that those functionalities are in the "beta". As developers, we are skeptical of relying on anything labeled a "beta", knowing it is sometimes applied to projects that are early in development, incomplete, or may not receive long-term support. Expo offers you tested and adapted by many teams solutions to help you with day-to-day work. The main reason why those features were published as a preview is to hear your feedback to make them better. We treat that period as a time to decided what developers expected from our services. Preview also means that we expect to need to make breaking changes in those packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We decided to publish some of our new features as a preview to get feedback from you. It doesn't mean that those functionalities are in the "beta". As developers, we are skeptical of relying on anything labeled a "beta", knowing it is sometimes applied to projects that are early in development, incomplete, or may not receive long-term support. Expo offers you solutions that have been tested and adopted by many teams to help you with day-to-day work. The reason those features are published as a preview is to hear your feedback to make them better. We treat that period as a time to better understand what developers expect from our services and shape them to fit your needs. While we make those improvements, we expect we will need to make breaking changes in those packages more frequently than we do in the Expo SDK.
```

### Features in preview

- **Expo Application Services (EAS)**. [Learn more](/eas):

  - **EAS Build**: Compile and sign Android/iOS apps with custom native code in the cloud. Easily distribute your apps to testers without waiting for TestFlight or Google Play. [Learn more](/build/introduction.md).

  - **EAS Submit**: Upload your app to the Apple App Store or Google Play Store from the cloud with one CLI command. [Learn more](/submit/introduction.md).

> - **Development Client**: When you need to customize your project beyond the standard runtime provided in Expo Go, you can create a custom development client for your application, install it on your phone, and continue developing. [Learn more](clients/introduction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **expo-dev-client**: When you need to customize your project beyond the standard runtime provided in Expo Go, you can create a custom development client for your application, install it on your phone, and continue developing. [Learn more](clients/introduction.md).
```
